---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Hitting the Streets
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2018-01-15
labels:
  - Social Media
  - Learning
---

Everywhere we are in the world there is always a precedance for one thing, wealth. The ways that wealth is displayed is different in every generation. In the past wealth could be shown by things such as the amount of animals that you owned or by how much cocaine one did. No matter the generation though, fashion has been associated with wealth. 

There are many brands that are immediately recognized by the masses such as Louis Vitton or Gucci. If you wear these people immediately know that you have at least some money to your name. But in our current generation fashion has taken a new form in the way of streetwear. This new form of fashion gave birth to the "Hypebeast". People who may not have the most money but spend a majority of their money onn clothes and other fashion items in order to "flex on the haters". Spending hundreds of dollars for a shirt that retialed for around $30, or spending thousands on a pair of sneakers once retailed for a coupe hundred.

Streetwear started to take off in recent years, this is believed to be due to the rise of Social Media. People are more inclined to create an image of themselves that is not nessesarily real. Some theorize that this is a tactic to attract a suitable mate, while other believe that this trend is done in order to find self worth. 
##Interest
The way that Social Media has influenced pop culture intrests me a lot. The way that they made their alogorithm in order to make it possible for buisnesses to take off like this can be mind boggling to thing about. The fact that almost anyone in my generation can recognize a red box with some words in it is amazing. This piked my interest in learning about targeted ads and other such algorithms.
